Bondi is the execution environment for New World Order processing.

It is primarily a Javascript engine provided by the "Mozilla Spidermonkey Project":http://www.mozilla.org/js/spidermonkey/. It also makes use of Sqlite3:http://www.sqlite.org/, Libcurl:http://curl.haxx.se/, OpenSSL:http://www.openssl.org/, zlib:http://www.zlib.org/ and iconv:http://www.gnu.org/software/libiconv/ for the heavier lifting.

It is similar in nature to ASP Classic from Microsoft but provides only an interpreted Javascript environment and definitely does not make it easy to intermingle output and code!

h1. Object Model

h2. Intrinsic Objects (no need to instantiate)

[[Application]]
[[Request]]
[[Response]]
[[Server]]
[[File]]
[[DNS]]
[[DbParameters]]
[[Crypto]]
[[Base64]]
[[UUID]]
[[Geography]]
[[WhoIs]]

[[Queue]]

h2. Constructable Objects

[[FastCGIClient]]
[[HttpClient]]
[[FtpClient]]
[[UrlClient]]
[[DbConnection]]
[[DbCommand]]
[[MailMessage]]
[[TemplateEngine]]
[[Image]]

h2. Command Line

* -script
* -xsendfile
* -approot
* -memlimit

h2. Environment

These environment vars need to be included within the spawn-bondi.sh script on linux to ensure they're allowed in the bondi fcgi environment. All other environment variables are wiped.
* BONDI_SCRIPT
* BONDI_STARTSCRIPT
* BONDI_XSENDFILE
* BONDI_XREWRITE
* BONDI_APPROOT
* BONDI_MEMLIMIT - NOTE: not yet implemented
* BONDI_GEOIPDB - path to maxmind city database
* BONDI_MAIL - semi colon delimited lists of mail server host:port form, mail drop path or mail command
* BONDI_SCRIPTCACHE - set to "off" to inhibit script caching
