h2(#summary). Summary

Instrinsic and Constructable object available in [[Bondi|Bondi Reference]]

h2(#syntax). Syntax

@var mail = new MailMessage([url body]);@

h2(#parameters). Parameters

- url body := Optional parameter that is a string url to use the content at that address as the HTMLBody.

h2(#description). Description

h2(#methods). Methods

- Send(from, to, subject, message) := Convenience method to send email, the to argument can be passed in as an array of email address strings.

h2(#object-instances). MailMessage Instances

h3(#object-properties). Properties

- Attachments := Get and set attachments to send as an array, attachment objects in the array will have properties: Name, ContentType, File. The object File property can be a filename string or stream.
- BCC := Get and set BCC addresses, can be assigned a single email address string or an array of them.
- CC := Get and set CC addresses, can be assigned a single email address string or an array of them.
- From := Get and set the From email address.
- HTMLBody := Get and set the message's HTML body.
- MessageID := Get and set the mail message id.
- ReplyTo := Get and set the ReplyTo email address.
- ReturnPath := Get and set the return path.
- Sender := Get and set the sender.
- Subject := Get and set the message subject.
- TextBody := Get and set the message's text body.
- To := Get and set To addresses, can be assigned a single email address string or an array of them.
- URLBody := Get and set the URL to use as the HTMLBody content.

h3(#object-methods). Methods

- Send([from [, to [, subject [, message]]]]) := Send email, optionally overriding the sections with arguments given for: from, to, subject and message. The optional to argument can be passed in as an array of email address strings.

h2(#examples). Examples

h2(#seealso). See also