|_. Table of Contents |
| "About":#about
"Command Line":#commandline
"Environment":#environment
"Global Objects":#globalobjects
"Future":#future
"Appendix A - Deprecated Features":#appendixa |

h1(#about). About

Bondi is the execution environment for New World Order processing.

It is primarily a Javascript engine provided by the "Mozilla Spidermonkey Project":http://www.mozilla.org/js/spidermonkey/. It also makes use of "Sqlite3":http://www.sqlite.org/, "Libcurl":http://curl.haxx.se/, "OpenSSL":http://www.openssl.org/, "zlib":http://www.zlib.org/ and "iconv":http://www.gnu.org/software/libiconv/ for the heavier lifting.

It is similar in nature to ASP Classic from Microsoft but provides only an interpreted Javascript environment and definitely does not make it easy to intermingle output and code!

h1(#commandline). Command Line

When running on the command line Bondi will accept the following arguments.

|_. Parameter |_. Description |
| -approot | |
| -help | |
| -memlimit | |
| -script | |
| -xsendfile | |

h1(#environment). Environment

These environment vars need to be included within the spawn-bondi.sh script on linux to ensure they're allowed in the bondi fcgi environment. All other environment variables are wiped.

|_. Variable |_. Description |
| BONDI_SCRIPT | |
| BONDI_STARTSCRIPT | |
| BONDI_XSENDFILE | |
| BONDI_XREWRITE | |
| BONDI_APPROOT | |
| BONDI_MEMLIMIT | NOTE: not yet implemented |
| BONDI_GEOIPDB | path to maxmind city database |
| BONDI_MAIL | semi colon delimited lists of mail server host:port form, mail drop path or mail command |
| BONDI_SCRIPTCACHE | set to "off" to inhibit script caching |

h1(#globalobjects). Global Objects

Along with support for the standard objects provided in the "MDN Javascript Reference":https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Reference#Global_Objects Bondi provides additional intrinsic[1] and constructor objects.

|_. Object |_. Type |_. Description |
| [[Application|Object Template]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[Base64]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[Crypto]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[DbCommand]] | Constructor | |
| [[DbConnection]] | Constructor | |
| [[DbParameters]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[DNS]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[FastCGIClient]] | Constructor | |
| [[File]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[FtpClient]] | Constructor | |
| [[Geography]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[HttpClient]] | Constructor | |
| [[Image]] | Constructor | |
| [[MailMessage]] | Constructor | |
| [[Queue]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[Request]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[Response]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[Server]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[TemplateEngine]] | Constructor | |
| [[UrlClient]] | Constructor | |
| [[UUID]] | Intrinsic | |
| [[WhoIs]] | Intrinsic | |

fn1. These are objects that do not need to be instantiated with a 'new' call, they work similarly to the standard 'Math' library object for example.

h1(#future). Future

In a spare moment assess "v8":http://code.google.com/p/v8/ over Spidermonkey

h1(#appendixa). Appendix A - Deprecated Features

None as yet, although 'preventEnumerate' will be deprecated shortly.

h1. Object Reference Template

h2. Sidebar

"Summary":#summary
"Syntax":#syntax
"Parameters":#parameters
"Description":#description
"Properties":#properties
"Methods":#methods
"Object Instances":#object-instances
- "Properties":#object-properties
- "Methods":#object-methods
"Examples":#examples
"See also":#seealso

[[Home]]
[[Bondi Reference]]
[[Bondi Guide]]

h2(#summary). Summary

h2(#syntax). Syntax

h2(#parameters). Parameters

h2(#description). Description

h2(#properties). Properties

h2(#methods). Methods

h2(#object-instances). Object Instances

h3(#object-properties). Properties

h3(#object-methods). Methods

h2(#examples). Examples

h2(#seealso). See also
