h2(#summary). Summary

Intrinsic and Constructable object available in [[Bondi|Bondi Reference]]

h2(#syntax). Syntax

@var img = new Image([stream or filename]);@

h2(#parameters). Parameters

- filename := A supported image in the file system that can be loaded.
- stream := A Bondi stream object (eg. from File, HttpClient, FtpClient etc) containing supported image data.

h2(#description). Description

h2(#properties). Properties

- BilevelType (read-only) :=

=:
- ColorSeparationMatteType (read-only)
- ColorSeparationType (read-only)
- Gravity (read-only) := An object with further read-only properties: Center, East, Forget, North, NorthEast, NorthWest, South, SouthEast, SouthWest, Static, Undefined, West.
- GrayscaleType (read-only)
- GrayscaleMatteType (read-only)
- OptimizeType (read-only)
- PaletteBilevelMatteType (read-only)
- PaletteMatteType (read-only)
- PaletteType (read-only)
- TrueColorMatteType (read-only)
- TrueColorType (read-only)
- UndefinedType (read-only)

h2(#methods). Methods

h2(#object-instances). Image Instances

h3(#object-properties). Properties

- Format := Get and set the image format. Can be used to convert image between image types. (see examples)
- Height (read-only) := Get the image height.
- Type := Get and set the image type.
- Width (read-only) := Get the image width.

h3(#object-methods). Methods

- Close() := Closes the image and releases resources.
- Compare(image) := Will attempt to compare another image with this instance, this is not a binary comparison, but a normalised render comparison. Throws exceptions on failure, returns the normalized mean error result.
- Crop(top, left, width, height) := Takes four integer arguments that are used to crop the existing image. Throws exceptions on failure, does not return any value.
- Fit(width, height) := Takes two integer arguments detailing the new width and height, the image will then be resized using Lanczos filter method but retaining images aspect ratio. Throws exceptions on failure, does not return any value.
- Open(filename or stream) := An image will be loaded from filename if provided or from a stream (if the data loaded is a supported image in both cases).
- OpenFromString(string) := An image will be created from the binary string data (if the data is a supported image).
- Resize(width, height) := Similar to fit, but will not maintain aspect ratio, takes two integer arguments detailing the new width and height, the image will then be resized using Lanczos filter method. Throws exceptions on failure, does not return any value.

h2(#examples). Examples

h3. Convert Image between formats

<pre><code>
#!/home/dev/bin/bondi
var img = new Image("test.jpg");
img.Format = "PNG24";
var f = File.Open("test.png", "wb");
f.Write(img);
f.Close();
</code></pre>

h2(#seealso). See also