h2(#summary). Summary

Intrinsic object available in [[Bondi|Bondi Reference]]

h2(#description). Description

h2(#properties). Properties

- Buffer := Get and set response buffering true or false (on or off).
- Charset := Get and set response charset.
- Compress := Get and set compression true or false (on or off).
- ContentType := Get and set content-type header.
- Cookies := Get and set cookies. Cookie objects can have the following properties: Comment, Domain, Expires, HttpOnly, Path, Port, Secure, Value, Version
- Expires := Get and set expires header.
- Headers := Get and set response headers.
- Limit := Get and set the output buffer limit.
- Status := Get and set response status.

h2(#methods). Methods

- BinaryWrite(stream or ...) := Will write binary data from a stream to the client, or will write out binary data from one or more arguments until a null argument is encountered or there are no more arguments provided.
- Clear() := Clears pending output data if it hasn't been sent (ie in the buffered output case).
- Cookies.Encrypt(cookie, key, value) := Assign a property to the Response.Cookies object that has its value encrypted.
- End() := Finish the response and clear up resources.
- Flush() := Forces data to be sent to client immediately.
- Rewrite(url) := Spins off the response to url, rewriting the URI sections to the new url.
- SendFile(filename) := Returns X-Sendfile header to web server so that it can handle the file response after first checking approot permissions.
- Write(...) := Will write out data from one or more arguments until a null argument is encountered or there are no more arguments provided.

h2(#examples). Examples

h3. Response.Cookies

```javascript
Response.Cookies.Test = "Hello World";
Response.Cookies.Test.Expires = (new Date(Date.parse(Date()) + 5000)).toGMTstring();
Response.Cookies.Test.Secure = true;
Response.Cookies.Test.HttpOnly = true;

Response.Cookies.Encrypt(Test2, {Key: 'Key', Algorithm: 'BLOWFISH', Hash: 'SHA1'}, 'Hello World');
Response.Cookies.Encrypt(Test3, {Key: 'Key2', Algorithm: 'AES', Hash: 'MD5'}, Test);

// To see the values
Response.Write("Response.Cookies.Test =" + Response.Cookies.Test);
Response.Write("Response.Cookies.Test2 = " + Response.Cookies.Test2);
Response.Write("Response.Cookies.Test3 = " + Response.Cookies.Test3);
```

h3. Response.Headers

```javascript
Response.Headers.Location = "http://www.ezimerchant.com/";
```

h2(#seealso). See also